# HAXsite
This is a HAXcms generated and managed micro-site. It can run on it's own but it was generated by a HAXcms system somewhere.

## Developer mode
HAXcms primary audience is people doing things entirely through the UI. It is however creating everything in a way that's very developer friendly though. This means you can peal this off from the original place it came from and run this as a stand alone repo by:

- leveraging the included package.json
- removing the symlinks to dist / node_modules / build
- copying the dist directory from the project root into your local setup: https://github.com/haxtheweb/haxcms/tree/master/dist

Using this approach you'll have to manage dependencies on your own but you'll be able to utilize custom themes / elements that you can to show up. If you do add any new elements or themes you'll need to ship this repo with the `polymer build` command executed in order to bundle / compile everything together for usage.

### special note
The CDN mirrors for HAXcms may or may not include the elements you wish to extend your project with so those options for rapid distributed publishing may not be availble.

# HAXcms
HAX CMS seeks to be the smallest possible back-end CMS to make HAX work and be able to build websites with it. Leveraging JSON Outline Schema, HAX is able to author multiple pages, which it then writes onto the file system.

# Customization capabilities as a developer

## Want to customize the theme via global CSS
- make changes to `theme/theme.css`
- This CSS loads on initial system load and CSS variables / ::part selectors can help override values

## Want to customize the JS that's run globally?
- make changes to `custom/build/custom.es6.js`
- This can also be modified as part of a built in build routine layed out in `custom/build`
- Assets can be built using the yarn / rollup routine that's included or manually writing JS into the files

Global JS could be used to load tracking code or inject your own custom element definitions so you can add your own web components in.

This can also be used to make a custom theme (modifying details in site.json to point to your theme element can make it load then)

## Need to customize something else?
https://github.com/elmsln/issues/issues or join the community on discord https://bit.ly/hax-discord and ask! 

## License
[Apache 2.0](LICENSE.md)
